TalkAwaydapp (#1628)
w3f/Grants-Program: applications/Talk_AwaydApp.md

Additionally, Talk Away's focus on promoting language knowledge for people with limited financial resources and migratory vulnerability could align with Polkadot Protocol's mission to democratize access to data and empower underrepresented groups. Overall, integrating Talkaway with blockchain could create new opportunities for data-driven innovation in language learning and support the broader mission of democratizing data access.

Building a language hub has great potential for onboarding people from the web2 to the web3 universe, and so one can see how decentralized technology is useful in education.

Polkadot will be fundamental to build the basic structure of the platform with advanced technology, and from there we will be able to scale our project. As a decentralized data exchange protocol, Polkadot provides a secure and decentralized way to share, monetize, and analyze data.

Total Estimated Duration: 2 months
Full-Time Equivalent (FTE): 60 days (Building the dapp) with 5 people full time. 120 days spreading and reach out people with 5 people full time.

> Total Costs: US$ 14.000,00 (milestone 1 and 2)

Author: Hello, I changed for level 2. We would like to do 2 milestones, each other with 7.000. How we wrote in the project, If it is possible.

 19aP7BAPFEfiqCpJwPSLfpcggjQBokLHwgaVEePxtnc2mHN
- **Level:** 2

> :exclamation: *The combination of your GitHub account submitting the application and the payment address above will be your unique identifier during the program. Please keep them safe.*
## Project Overview :page_facing_up:

It's our first application.

### Overview

Talk Away is a social impact language learning startup that offers a unique and immersive learning experience. Our innovative approach involves learning languages through walking and exploring the city, making language learning both fun and practical.

 As a teaching platform on the web3, we are building a dapp and a metaverse prototype to further expand access to language learning. We haven't chosen a location to deploy yet, we would like to use Polkadot's decentralized metaverse infrastructure. Like efinity or other parachain metaverses projects.

 Our mission is to provide a differentiated teaching approach to promote language knowledge for people with limited financial resources and migratory vulnerability. We also aim to connect people from all over the world, fostering greater awareness of global cultural diversity.

### Project Details

> We expect the teams to already have a solid idea about your project's expected final state. Therefore, we ask the teams to submit (where relevant):

Reviewer: You can remove this template text.

### Overview

- **Total Estimated Duration:**  2 months
- **Full-Time Equivalent (FTE):**  30 days (Building the dapp) with 5 people full time. 60 days spreading and reach out people with 5 people full time. 
- **Total Costs:** Requested amount in USD for the whole project 2 milestones (e.g. 14,000 USD). 

### Milestone 1 Example — Basic functionality

- **Estimated duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  1,5
- **Costs:** 7,000 USD

> :exclamation: **The default deliverables 0a-0d below are mandatory for all milestones**, and deliverable 0e at least for the last one. 

| Number | Deliverable | Specification |
| -----: | ----------- | ------------- |
|| 1. | Develop out Polkadot & Kusama core functionalities | - Polkadot & Kusama chain integration/support in wallet;<br/>- Polkadot & Kusama core functionalities ( send, receive, create/restore wallet and etc);<br/>- Complete Polkadot & Kusama transaction history with advanced information;
 | 2. | Cross-chain swap/bridge between multiple tokens/chains | Cross-chain swap support for Polkadot & Kusama (Allowing users to directly onboard to Polkadot & Kusama from different chains “BTC, ETH, BSC and FIAT” within a single click) 

>  | 3. |  The smart contract will handle the following: Create new user | It will create a new user, either a free student or a certificate student. |Create new tutor | It will create a tutor with information about the courses, services he will provide, and the price for his lesson. | Create new resources | Login/logout from the wallet and chack the balance.

Reviewer: Will you be using ink! for the contract(s)? Why not use an existing swap solution instead of creating your own, seeing as it's not the main focus of the app?

Author: No. We will not use ink! Yes, we have reason. We don't need the swap functionality in our app.

 | 5. | Internal testing | Internal testing and auditing of the developments, infrastructure and integrations |
 | 6. | <br/>- We will create a video tutorial to demonstrate how to use Polkadot crypto currecy and how you can open a wallet |

### Milestone 2 Example — Additional features

- **Estimated Duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  1,5
- **Costs:** 7,000 USD
- metaverse prototype

...

## Future Plans

next 3 months

> Digital marketing actions to genral public and onbording to the web3 language | Institutional partnership

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Digital marketing actions to general public and onboarding to the web3 language | Institutional partnership
```
